Hi Christiaan,

Looking forward to our call tomorrow. I have invented the AGF which I believe to be bulletproof IP featuring a 1st to market novel architecture that chains legal ontology, RISC-V, and ZK proof. With a patent pending, no prior art, a highly technical barrier, and a strong regulatory moat, I truly believe this to be foundational AI, and highly valuable.

It solves a problem previously believed to be theoretically impossible: turning natural-language legal text into deterministic, verifiable machine logic that can be enforced via ZK proofs.

1. So the LCC (Legal Code Compiler) ingests statutory law, regulatory guidance or policy documents

2. The LCC uses a domain specific legal ontology  (not an LLM) to map clauses to formal predicates. It treats law as a finite state rule system, it uses symbolic language and resolves ambiguity via regulator- published interpretations.

3. Each legal rule is compiled into RISC-V assembly—a hardware-agnostic instruction set. This bytecode is provably equivalent to the source legal clause via formal verification (eg. Coq or Lean)

4. The RISC-V bytecode runs inside SP1 and generates a ZK proof that: the rule was evaluated correctly; the input data was valid; and the output followed deterministically.

5. Input data is fed into the SP1 runtime via a TEE (AWS Nitro or Azure SEV). The TEE attests that data hasn't been tampered with and the LCC rule was applied in isolation.

The AGF is technically unique and legally indispensable because it compiles law into mathematics. That's why it's incredibly valuable to hyperscalers. It is technically neutral avoiding vendor lock-in. RISC-V makes the AGF vision possible.

Attached are some collaterals so you have as much information as possible. I already have a boutique bank exploring a licence or sale to a hyperscaler as well as a VC keen to invest. I have been holding off until I find the right person to take this forward. I anticipate 20 weeks to MVP or thereabouts.

Regards - Dan
--
Dan Padbury
Founder & CEO
NeuroCluster
Learn about us